https://feeds.feedburner.com/Phoronix news
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ news
https://planet.archlinux.org/rss20.xml news
https://lwn.net/headlines/newrss news

http://0pointer.net/blog/index.atom blog
https://rnestler.github.io/feeds/all.atom.xml blog
https://blog.dbrgn.ch/feed.atom blog
https://blog.rust-lang.org/feed.xml blog rust
http://blog.piston.rs/atom.xml blog rust
https://this-week-in-rust.org/atom.xml blog rust
https://github.com/blog/all.atom blog
https://about.gitlab.com/atom.xml blog
https://hackaday.com/blog/feed/ blog
http://blog.japaric.io/index.xml blog rust
http://blog.rustfest.eu/feed.xml blog rust
https://www.coredump.ch/feed/ blog

http://lightning.community/feed.xml blog bitcoin lightning
https://blog.lightning.engineering/feed.xml blog bitcoin lightning

http://ibash.de/neueste-zitate.xml fun
https://feeds2.feedburner.com/gbo-zitate fun
https://what-if.xkcd.com/feed.atom fun
https://xkcd.com/atom.xml comic
https://www.questionablecontent.net/QCRSS.xml comic
https://feeds.feedburner.com/uclick/calvinandhobbes?format=xml comic
https://www.smbc-comics.com/rss.php comic

http://seclists.org/rss/bugtraq.rss
https://apod.nasa.gov/apod.rss
https://www.piratenpartei.ch/feed/
https://feedproxy.google.com/distrowatch/BFai
https://whatshouldwecallengineering.tumblr.com/rss fun
https://youmightbeanengineeringstudentif.tumblr.com/rss fun
